Hello everyone, let's imagine that
initially we got this
here's a frame that is dark enough and not
quite right on the white balance because
it should be a little warmer
Well, try to do something with it
less worthwhile
first we have a little frame made with and fairy
i.e. will even on exposure and
Now we clearly see that we have blue up
turned cold goats we became
wrong all the cutter like balance
white now we can fix it
lightroom
and get a true warm snapshot
probably so here will be enough
maybe even a little bit to play with
shade
so that is to say, we have already received much more
good shot
what else can we do we can do
darkening at the edges of the frame, that is, no
to enhance attention to our facility on
our center marks that is put on
if somewhere wrong we can allow
Taksimo versus improvement is bad
make some more improvements
for example now I work separate with
shadows and separately light areas
to give visually a contrast and
Now I see that I need more of these.
positions and we can add perfectly for
skin is better
what else can i do in principle
make the series in the background more
beautiful interesting
well and a little bit you can add
saturation that's so good let's
let's see what we have I will do
another snapshot you author it
after
and now we look dashing what was before and
car what has become completely our retouching
lightroom which took us no more
two minutes